the free time that you have in your career really depends on where you're
at. In which location? What your bill it is. So sometimes when I
was on shore duty and had a little bit more consistency, my free time
was in the evenings and on the weekends, but on station, on a ship
or with operational unit, the free time. Maybe it was on a Monday
when days were slow, or I left a little bit earlier because we're getting
ready to deploy for, um, for the for a deployment. It just really
depends on where I was at. But it's pretty consistent, and it's
pretty liberal. Um, when I given the opportunity so pretty good, normal
amount of free time that you would guess.